Drugs  –  the truth
I decided (to help share the reality with those of you who aren’t aware of the general drug problem) to catch up with an ex-drug addict and ask a couple of questions. She/He asked me to keep her/his name anonymous so I’ll just refer to her/him as Anon. I would just like to say that all information yielded on Anon’s part was completely voluntary. 
Allan: Hey, how does this interview affect you or make you feel, do you not feel ashamed?
Anon: I wouldn’t say ashamed though I am reluctant to openly tell you that I was a ‘druggie’, but you gotta get over it and be comfortable with the facts if you ever expect to recover.
Allan: Let's start with the basics, what did you do?
Anon: Well I did quite a few things but if you’re talking about what I did regularly then I’d have to say dagga, E’s and over the counter drugs at a pharmacy.
Allan: So, I know dagga’s commonly available but are these like the most accessible drugs in the Province?
Anon: Yeah, but even in our town you can get anything from Mushrooms to Heroin, you just need to know where to look and who to ask.
Allan: Tell me how it began, was it fast, gradual or what?
Anon: Well I’m not sure about others but I know how it was for me: first it was experimentation - just trying it out you know. Then denial – I’m just fooling around I can stop anytime I want to, disbelief comes next – I’m not addicted! – I’ll stop when it gets too much just not yet. After that the slow struggle with your moral self – only naïve people think drugs are bad – drugs are really everywhere and it’s not as bad as it’s made out to be. The strangely neutral acceptance comes next – so I do drugs I’m sure I can stop if I want to but for now I’ll carry on, next I plunged into a self induced ‘evil’ – I’ll do what I want when I want and to hell with anyone who tries to stop me!
Allan: To me that sounds like something that could happen to anyone. How long were you addicted anyway?
Anon: I started in std 7 and carried on for one and a half years, always believing that it was not quite as bad as people would have me believe.
Allan: Aside from what actually happened, what did you feel during this time?
Anon: Mostly, I was full of hate and disdain for everyone that wasn’t on drugs, believing that they were naïve and living in a stupid bubble. I was also seriously and suicidaly depressed a lot, but lots of people not on drugs are depressed so I don’t know if that was specifically because of the drugs or not.
Allan: How’d you end up being able to stop?
Anon: I’m not really sure what caused it but one day the reality of my entire life and future came literally crashing down on me, it was like waking up from a wild dream and finding yourself in a coffin busy closing! I was so scared that I actually went and told my chemist what was happening. He counselled me and got me over the immediate withdrawal symptoms, but in the end I think I suddenly realised what I was and chickened out.
Allan: Do you have anything to say to any addicts out there?
Anon: Yeah Ok: “You think you’re just being unique – well you’re not. You’re not normal, you’re a far shot away from being part of a large ‘crowd’!!! You’re living an idiots life, you are not smarter than other people, you are not a prisoner of a widespread thing. You are being weak, and proving your LACK of character. Other people are not conformists because of their lack of addiction to anything- and they prove themselves literally more intelligent than you by being ‘clean’!!!”
Allan: Thanks for sharing and to all the people reading this interview, I hope you paid attention!
Interview by Allan Troskie
